Don't you have a courier today?
Yes, don't you take care of your wife first?
Oh, I'm fine, you can go to work first.
Oh, by the way, I'm going to Chu Chu's house for the night today
Ok then
I'm going to work, go, go
Slow down.
Cockroach this is the result you want
Granddaughter, granddaughter, I finally found you, haha.
The elders are so happy
Why don't you bring Ruonan back?
Zhang Jiagou has more people than others
Before the contract is terminated
I don't want a third person to know
Got it, grandpa.
Brat, I haven't recognized you yet, what's the matter?
Don't recognize me
Then I'll bring it all out. How dare you threaten me?
I'm telling you, this is not for children.
So serious
Dare to ask which force the Zhang family is provoking?
gratuitous